tidb cloud: add a new doc of migrating and merging MySQL shards (#10021)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migration-overview-for-cloud.md

---
title: Migration Overview

> summary: Learn the overview of data migration scenarios and the solutions for TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn an overview of data migration scenarios and the solutions for TiDB Cloud.
```

---

# Migration Overview

You can migrate data from a wide variety of data sources to TiDB Cloud. This document gives an overview of the data migration scenarios.

## Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access

> If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or GCS buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure cross-account access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).

Reviewer 2: GCS Bucket
configure cross-account access to the buckets  
It is recommended to change to   Google Cloud Storage (GCS) ，configure  access to the buckets

Author: OK. Updated.

> If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or GCS buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure cross-account access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).

Author: ```suggestion
If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS) buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).
```
